Update RSC docs (#1625)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/framework/react-server-components.md

This guide provides information about how React Server Components work in the context of Hydrogen.

> Note:

> > Hydrogen's implementation of server components is a modified version of React Server Components, which are currently in Alpha. Hydrogen provides a layer of abstractions to make server components stable for use in Hydrogen apps. Hydrogen is working with Vercel and the React team to align on enhancements to server components, including [replacing filename suffixes for annotated boundaries](https://github.com/reactjs/rfcs/pull/189#issuecomment-1116482278) and using async/await for data fetching. Hydrogen will release a future version with these enhancements when they are available, along with tools for migrating existing Hydrogen applications. Learn more about the current state of React Server Components [on the React blog](https://reactjs.org/blog/2022/06/15/react-labs-what-we-have-been-working-on-june-2022.html#server-components).

Author: lol this is getting to be a ginormous tooltip

> > Hydrogen's implementation of server components is a modified version of React Server Components, which are currently in Alpha. Hydrogen provides a layer of abstractions to make server components stable for use in Hydrogen apps. Hydrogen is working with Vercel and the React team to align on enhancements to server components, including [replacing filename suffixes for annotated boundaries](https://github.com/reactjs/rfcs/pull/189#issuecomment-1116482278) and using async/await for data fetching. Hydrogen will release a future version with these enhancements when they are available, along with tools for migrating existing Hydrogen applications. Learn more about the current state of React Server Components [on the React blog](https://reactjs.org/blog/2022/06/15/react-labs-what-we-have-been-working-on-june-2022.html#server-components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Hydrogen's [implementation](https://shopify.dev/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/framework/work-with-rsc) of server components is a modified version of React Server Components, which are currently in [Alpha](https://reactjs.org/blog/2022/06/15/react-labs-what-we-have-been-working-on-june-2022.html#server-components). Shopify provides a layer of abstractions to make server components stable for use in Hydrogen apps.
> 
> Shopify is currently working with Vercel and the React team to align on enhancements to server components, and will release a future version of Hydrogen with tools for migrating existing Hydrogen apps.
```

Although shared components have the most constraints, many components already obey these rules and can be used across the server and client without modification. For example, many components transform some props based on certain conditions, without using state or loading additional data. This is why shared components are the default and [don’t have a dedicated file extension](#component-types).

### Client components and server-side rendering

> Client components ending in `.client.jsx` are rendered in the browser. However, they are also rendered on the server during server-side rendering (SSR). This is because SSR produces an HTML "preview" of the what will eventually be rendered in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client components ending in `.client.jsx` are rendered in the browser. However, they are also rendered on the server during server-side rendering (SSR). This is because SSR produces an HTML "preview" of what will eventually be rendered in the browser.
```

> This behavior tends to catch developers off-guard, because the word "client" indicates a client-only behavior. Hydrogen is working with the React team to [refine these naming conventions](https://github.com/reactjs/rfcs/pull/189#issuecomment-1116482278) to make it less confusing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior might be confusing, because the word "client" indicates a client-only behavior. Shopify is working with the React team to [refine these naming conventions](https://github.com/reactjs/rfcs/pull/189#issuecomment-1116482278) to make it less confusing.
```

Reviewer: I'm always a bit hesitant about including time-sensitive information like this in the docs, but I understand the communication importance here. For maintenance purposes, could we capture in an issue to follow up on this / potentially remove this statement from the docs when this is resolved?

> In the meantime, it's important to avoid including browser-only logic in client components in a way that will cause problems during SSR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the meantime, avoid including browser-only logic in client components in a way that will cause problems during SSR:
```

{% codeblock file, filename: 'Button.client.jsx' %}

```tsx

> // ❌ Don't do this, because `window` is not available during SSR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ❌ Don't do this because `window` isn't available during SSR
```

function Button() {
  const innerWidth = window.innerWidth;

  return <button>...</button>
}

> // ✅ Do this, because `useEffect` does not run during SSR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ✅ Do this because `useEffect` doesn't run during SSR
```

function Button() {
  const [innerWidth, setInnerWidth] = useState();

  useEffect(() => {
    setInnerWidth(window.innerWidth);
  }, []);

  return <button>...</button>
}
```

{% endcodeblock %}

### Component organization and index files

> Developers might be familiar with a "facade file" pattern, where similar files are re-exported from a shared `index.js` file in a folder. This pattern is not supported in React Server Components when mixing client components with server components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might be familiar with a "facade file" pattern, where similar files are re-exported from a shared `index.js` file in a folder. This pattern isn't supported in React Server Components when mixing client components with server components.
```

> Instead, developers wishing to use the facade pattern should create separate files for client components and server components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the facade pattern, then you need to create separate files for client components and server components:
```

{% codeblock file, filename: 'components/index.js' %}

```tsx

> // ❌ Don't do this, because it mixes client components and server components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ❌ Don't do this because it mixes client components and server components:
```

export {Button} from './Button.client.jsx'
export {Dropdown} from './Dropdown.client.jsx'
export {Widget} from './Widget.server.jsx'
```

{% endcodeblock %}

{% codeblock file, filename: 'components/index.js' %}

```tsx

> // ✅ Do this, because only client components are exported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ✅ Do this because only client components are exported
```

export {Button} from './Button.client.jsx'
export {Dropdown} from './Dropdown.client.jsx'
```

{% endcodeblock %}

{% codeblock file, filename: 'components/server.js' %}

```tsx

> // ✅ Do this, because only server components are exported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ✅ Do this because only server components are exported
```
